Rare compounds derived from forest mold products
amf 26
Because it is difficult to supply a large amount from 10 years while being expected as a new anticancer drug
Pharmaceutical manufacturer has discontinued development
But this exactly the Tokyo University of Science to be mass-produced by the material of the same structure in artificial and synthetic
Joint research team of gackt cancer research group succeeded
It is futuristic to lose day
2005 Cancer Study Group with the cancer cells of 39 lines
I did screening
As a result, amf 26 performs protein modification of protein and selection of transport destination etc.
It has very similar properties to the substance Brefeldine a, which inhibits the action of the Golgi body
I understand that
Actually af 20 log
First of all we checked whether it would inhibit this room in the same way as the level signature book
Here is that
It is in a drug-free state
Sparkly white
Will be observed for the time being is throb rhythmically
If it falls by 125 against it
The young way is gradually getting slower and eventually the cytoplasm
Splurge
amf 26 is a protein that works in the Golgi apparatus
It enters between the protein binds that arf 1 and gef
Inhibits the activation of arf 1 and kills cancer cells
Cancer Research meeting was to experiment with work on the cancer cells by using the amf 26
It is the result of administering to Yumoto's mouse
If you do nothing, cancer cells will grow more and more
If administered, cancer cells will be lost
It is a change in weight due to administration. At the beginning, weight decreases slightly but gradually recovers.
Indicates no major side effects
Anti-cancer agents that target band Gorge is Toka anything because it is not so far
Could it not be possible to mass-produce by artificial synthesis without using natural keys?
Joint research began from such a thought
Tokyo University of Science, was challenged in organic synthesis
Professor Shiina we made
m Jiang Pa aka mf 26 shows the form which chained two hexagonal contracts as shown in this section
I will take you
This is first what Fu in the count sense because it is has become a basic skeleton
Is it the first problem whether it can make the form which is stuck ?
Then this molecule is
Other N that on a lot of carbon but is the carbon of the one one of arbitration
There is an integrated price
Many isomers exist
Pan Sony has 4 hands to join
The direction of the hand is important in the stereochemistry
Do atoms bound to carbon point towards you
It becomes a separate substance depending on whether it is facing backwards
The one with two ways is called asymmetric carbon
In this case seven
Because there is a part called the asymmetric carbon
Because it is 2-7 Pledge child that is 128 kinds of isomers are present only one we in the
As there is only one thing we want, there is a point how to rust it
big
The raw material is a challenging task
We use a substance in a chain-like state, though we say that we are on a straight chain without sand
We use a method called d Rusall's reaction on the sand molecule and put a rope in between
Connecting to
I will
Though we've been led to as the chain and take a look all the way from the end
I made this part and this part approach now
In this state of approaching
Because it was this is actually stable ones in the second it was examined stability
The solid angle we wanted could not be synthesized at first
The resulting substance is different in the three-dimensional structure of this part
8 types
I could get only a few of the things I wanted
However
Where I made such an effort to change the shape a little by putting a catalyst there
If you mix a metal called aluminum into this
The purple part is aluminum, but this is just ahead
It was thought to be stable in the second
This form is actually changing to the most stable form
It could be obtained as a large amount of material
There are 14 processes in the synthesis, but the productivity is very high with an average 90% weekly rate and a 20% overall collection rate
Was able to synthesize the target substance in
This is the case in the world of hope system
It's a common thing, but it's like a magical powder and it's mixed as a catalyst now
If that was not taken until the come take a lot of climbing we the periodic table is not contained within the head
You because of that this spring of how easy the station and generally use a limited number of Dokora sides of the periodic table
We know empirically, but in this case also reaction
Attalla I'm sure that if aluminum is not it nice is that it is through discussion
I came out, but I thought too
Also of the splendidly it was actually carried out Te
When we got a lot of purpose us
It has the same biological activity as amf 26, which is derived from the whole m power
I made the golgi splinter
I'd go song of sign class put those obtained in the first time there as an inhibitor
The first-in-class tweets have a tremendous commercial impact.
I'm really important is that it is still the most
In the sense such as this to in the first-in-class in Kusui to the Golgi targeting
Compounds are really drug discovery
And the research goes very well and the future
We think in the way that it is very wonderful if it is on the seawall
Paper published in chemistry there Journal of Medicine published the American Chemical Society
And
I decorated the cover as a cover article
The American Chemical Society has press coverage on the Internet as an important topic
Development of new anti-cancer drug which gave up at once by this achievement started
We are also planning efficacy and safety tests that we have tied up with pharmaceutical manufacturers
Please feel free to contact us in here If you are interested about the use of the results